That's hilarious, like pre Twitter, early Twitter days,
you and Jack Dorsey are in a room together talking about JavaScript,
basically solving some kind of menial problem.
Terrible problems. Yeah. I mean, not terrible, just like boring,
boring widget pro I think it was the Odo widget we were working on at the time.
I'm surprised anyone paid me to be in the room as an intern.
Cause I didn't really provide any value.
I'm very thankful to anyone who included me back in the day. Uh,
it was very helpful. So thank you for listening. I.
Mean, is there, um, OIA, that's a precursor to Twitter,
first of all,
did you have any anticipation that this Jack Dorsey guy could be also ahead of a
major social network? And, um, second,
did you learn anything from the guy that like that? Do,
do you think it's a coincidence that you two were in the room together
in the it's the coincidence?
Meaning like why does the world play its game in a certain way where these two
founders of social networks?
I don't know. It's so weird. Right? Like I, I mean, it's also weird that
mark showed up, you know,
in our fraternity my sophomore year and we got to know each other then like long
before Instagram, it's, it's a small world,
but let me tell a fun story about Jack. Um,
<laugh> we're at OIO and I don't know.
I think EV was feeling like people weren't working hard enough or something
nice. And I can't remember exactly what he,
he created this thing where every Friday,
I don't know if it was every Friday. I only remember this happening once,
but he had a, like a, a statue at its,
like of Mary and in the bottom it's it's hollow. Right.
And I remember on a Friday he decide, uh,
decided he was going to let everyone vote for who had worked the hardest that
week. We all voted closed ballot. Right.
We all put in a bucket and he tallied the votes.
And then whoever got the most votes, as I recall,
got the statuette and in the statuette was a thousand bucks.
Whereas I recall there was a thousand bucks tonight.
It might have been a hundred bucks, but let's call it a thousand.
It's more exciting that way. It felt like a thousand. Yeah, it did. To me,
for sure. I actually got two votes. I was very happy. We were a small company,
but I, as the intern, I got at least two votes. So.
Everybody knew how many votes they got individually.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think it was one of these self accountability things. Anyway,
I remember Jack just getting like the vast majority of votes from everyone.
And I remember just thinking like,
like I couldn't imagine he would become what he'd become and do what he would
do.
But I had a profound respect that the new guy who I
really liked worked that hard and you could see his dedication even
then, and that people respected him.
But that's the one story that I remember of him,
like working with him specifically from that summer.